---
**Where:** `Caoguanbiao 208` **When:** `1:30pm`
---


1. [ ] Xurong, [Anatomization and Protection of Mobile Apps? Location Privacy Threats](https://www.usenix.org/conference/usenixsecurity15/technical-sessions/presentation/fawaz)

	**Abstract:** Mobile users are becoming increasingly aware of the privacy threats resulting from apps? access of their location. Few of the solutions proposed thus far to mitigate these threats have been deployed as they require either app or platform modifications. Mobile operating systems (OSes) also provide users with location access controls. In this paper, we analyze the efficacy of these controls in combating the location-privacy threats. For this analysis, we conducted the first location measurement campaign of its kind, analyzing more than 1000 free apps from Google Play and collecting detailed usage of location by more than 400 location-aware apps and 70 Advertisement and Analytics (A&A) libraries from more than 100 participants over a period ranging from 1 week to 1 year. Surprisingly, 70\% of the apps and the A&A libraries pose considerable profiling threats even when they sporadically access the user?s location. Existing OS controls are found ineffective and inefficient in mitigating these threats, thus calling for a finer-grained location access control. To meet this need, we propose LP-Doctor, a light-weight user-level tool that allows Android users to effectively utilize the OS?s location access controls while maintaining the required app?s functionality as our user study (with 227 participants) shows

2. [ ] Junchi, ----

3. [ ] Jianyu, [PowerSpy: Location Tracking using Mobile Device Power Analysis](https://www.usenix.org/conference/usenixsecurity15/technical-sessions/presentation/michalevsky)

	**Abstract:** Modern mobile platforms like Android enable applications to read aggregate power usage on the phone. This information is considered harmless and reading it requires no user permission or notification. We show that by simply reading the phone’s aggregate power consumption over a period of a few minutes an application can learn information about the user’s location. Aggregate phone power consumption data is extremely noisy due to the multitude of components and applications that simultaneously consume power. Nevertheless, by using machine learning algorithms we are able to successfully infer the phone’s location. We discuss several ways in which this privacy leak can be remedied.


4. [ ] Kai, [Securing Self-Virtualizing Ethernet Devices](https://www.usenix.org/conference/usenixsecurity15/technical-sessions/presentation/smolyar)

	**Abstract:** Single root I/O virtualization (SRIOV) is a hardware/ software interface that allows devices to “self virtualize” and thereby remove the host from the critical I/O path. SRIOV thus brings near bare-metal performance to untrusted guest virtual machines (VMs) in public clouds, enterprise data centers, and high-performance computing setups. We identify a design flaw in current Ethernet SRIOV NIC deployments that enables untrusted VMs to completely control the throughput and latency of other, unrelated VMs. The attack exploits Ethernet ”pause” frames, which enable network flow control functionality. We experimentally launch the attack across several NIC models and find that it is effective and highly accurate, with substantial consequences if left unmitigated: (1) to be safe, NIC vendors will have to modify their NICs so as to filter pause frames originating from SRIOV instances; (2) in the meantime, administrators will have to either trust their VMs, or configure their switches to ignore pause frames, thus relinquishing flow control, which might severely degrade networking performance. We present the Virtualization-Aware Network Flow Controller (VANFC), a software-based SRIOV NIC prototype that overcomes the attack. VANFC filters pause frames from malicious virtual machines without any loss of performance, while keeping SRIOV and Ethernet flow control hardware/software interfaces intact.

5. [ ] Changting, [Bohatei: Flexible and Elastic DDoS Defense](https://www.usenix.org/conference/usenixsecurity15/technical-sessions/presentation/fayaz)

	**Abstract:** DDoS defense today relies on expensive and propri- etary hardware appliances deployed at fixed locations. This introduces key limitations with respect to flexibil- ity (e.g., complex routing to get traffic to these “choke- points”) and elasticity in handling changing attack pat- terns. We observe an opportunity to address these limita- tions using new networking paradigms such as software- defined networking (SDN) and network functions virtu- alization (NFV). Based on this observation, we design and implement Bohatei, a flexible and elastic DDoS de- fense system. In designing Bohatei, we address key challenges with respect to scalability, responsiveness, and adversary-resilience. We have implemented de- fenses for several DDoS attacks using Bohatei. Our evaluations show that Bohatei is scalable (handling 500 Gbps attacks), responsive (mitigating attacks within one minute), and resilient to dynamic adversaries.

6. [ ] Fei, [RAPTOR: Routing Attacks on Privacy in Tor](https://www.usenix.org/conference/usenixsecurity15/technical-sessions/presentation/sun)

	**Abstract:** The Tor network is a widely used system for anonymous communication. However, Tor is known to be vulnerable to attackers who can observe traffic at both ends of the communication path. In this paper, we show that prior attacks are just the tip of the iceberg. We present a suite of new attacks, called Raptor, that can be launched by Autonomous Systems (ASes) to compromise user anonymity. First, AS-level adversaries can exploit the asymmetric nature of Internet routing to increase the chance of observing at least one direction of user traffic at both ends of the communication. Second, AS-level adversaries can exploit natural churn in Internet routing to lie on the BGP paths for more users over time. Third, strategic adversaries can manipulate Internet routing via BGP hijacks (to discover the users using specific Tor guard nodes) and interceptions (to perform traffic analysis). We demonstrate the feasibility of Raptor attacks by analyzing historical BGP data and Traceroute data as well as performing real-world attacks on the live Tor network, while ensuring that we do not harm real users. In addition, we outline the design of two monitoring frameworks to counter these attacks: BGP monitoring to detect control-plane attacks, and Traceroute monitoring to detect data-plane anomalies. Overall, our work motivates the design of anonymity systems that are aware of the dynamics of Internet routing.
