***

Where: `Caoguanbiao 208` When: `1:30pm`

***


1. [ ] Lin "Trends and Lessons from Three Years Fighting Malicious Extensions" 
In this work we expose wide-spread efforts by crimi- nals to abuse the Chrome Web Store as a platform for distributing malicious extensions. A central compo- nent of our study is the design and implementation of WebEval, the first system that broadly identifies mali- cious extensions with a concrete, measurable detection rate of 96.5%. Over the last three years we detected 9,523 malicious extensions: nearly 10% of every ex- tension submitted to the store. Despite a short window of operation—we removed 50% of malware within 25 minutes of creation— a handful of under 100 extensions escaped immediate detection and infected over 50 mil- lion Chrome users. Our results highlight that the exten- sion abuse ecosystem is drastically different from ma- licious binaries: miscreants profit from web traffic and user tracking rather than email spam or banking theft.
2. [ ] Fei, **Faster Secure Computation through Automatic Parallelization**, *Secure two-party computation (TPC) based on Yao’s garbled circuits has seen a lot of progress over the past decade. Yet, compared with generic computation, TPC is still multiple orders of magnitude slower. To improve the efficiency of secure computation based on Yao’s protocol, we propose a practical parallelization scheme. Its advances over existing parallelization approaches are twofold. First, we present a compiler that detects parallelism at the source code level and automatically transforms C code into parallel circuits. Second, by switching the roles of circuit generator and evaluator between both computing parties in the semi-honest model, our scheme makes better use of computation and network resources. This inter-party parallelization approach leads to significant efficiency increases already on single-core hardware without compromising security. Multiple implementations illustrate the practicality of our approach. For instance, we report speed-ups of up to 2.18 on 2 cores and 4.36 on 4 cores for the example application of parallel modular exponentiation.*
3. [ ] Xiang, **EASEAndroid: Automatic Policy Analysis and Refinement for Security Enhanced Android via Large-Scale Semi-Supervised Learning**, *Mandatory protection systems such as SELinux and SEAndroid harden operating system integrity. Unfortunately, policy development is error prone and requires lengthy refinement using audit logs from deployed systems. While prior work has studied SELinux policy in detail, SEAndroid is relatively new and has received little attention. SEAndroid policy engineering differs significantly from SELinux: Android fundamentally differs from traditional Linux; the same policy is used on millions of devices for which new audit logs are continually available; and audit logs contain a mix of benign and malicious accesses. In this paper, we propose EASEAndroid, the first SEAndroid analytic platform for automatic policy analysis and refinement. Our key insight is that the policy refinement process can be modeled and automated using semi-supervised learning. Given an existing policy and a small set of known access patterns, EASEAndroid continually expands the knowledge base as new audit logs become available, producing suggestions for policy refinement. We evaluate EASEAndroid on 1.3 million audit logs from real-world devices. EASEAndroid successfully learns 2,518 new access patterns and generates 331 new policy rules. During this process, EASEAndroid discovers eight categories of attack access patterns in real devices, two of which are new attacks directly against the SEAndroid MAC mechanism.*
4. [ ] Zanzhu,Measuring the Practical Impact of DNSSEC Deployment,DNSSEC extends DNS with a public-key infrastructure, providing compatible clients with cryptographic assurance for DNS records they obtain, even in the presence of an active network attacker. As with many Internet protocol deployments, administrators deciding whether to deploy DNSSEC for their DNS zones must perform cost/benefit analysis. For some fraction of clients — those that perform DNSSEC validation — the zone will be protected from malicious hijacking. But another fraction of clients — those whose DNS resolvers are buggy and incompatible with DNSSEC — will no longer be able to connect to the zone. Deploying DNSSEC requires making a cost-benefit decision, balancing security for some users with denial of service for others. We have performed a large-scale measurement of the effects of DNSSEC on client name resolution using an ad network to collect results from over 500,000 geographically-distributed clients. Our findings corroborate those of previous researchers in showing that a relatively small fraction of users are protected by DNSSEC-validating resolvers. And we show, for the first time, that enabling DNSSEC measurably increases end-to-end resolution failures. For every 10 clients that are protected from DNS tampering when a domain deploys DNSSEC, approximately one ordinary client (primarily in Asia) becomes unable to access the domain.
5. [ ] Kai, **Enforcing Customizable Consistency Properties in Software-Defined Networks**, *It is critical to ensure that network policy remains consistent during state transitions. However, existing techniques impose a high cost in update delay, and/or FIB space. We propose the Customizable Consistency Generator (CCG), a fast and generic framework to support customizable consistency policies during network updates. CCG effectively reduces the task of synthesizing an update plan under the constraint of a given consistency policy to a verification problem, by checking whether an update can safely be installed in the network at a particular time, and greedily processing network state transitions to heuristically minimize transition delay. We show a large class of consistency policies are guaranteed by this greedy heuristic alone; in addition, CCG makes judicious use of existing heavier-weight network update mechanisms to provide guarantees when necessary. As such, CCG nearly achieves the “best of both worlds”: the efficiency of simply passing through updates in most cases, with the consistency guarantees of more heavyweight techniques. Mininet and physical testbed evaluations demonstrate CCG’s capability to achieve various types of consistency, such as path and bandwidth properties, with zero switch memory overhead and up to a 3 delay reduction compared to previous solutions.*

 
