***

Where: `Caoguanbiao 208` When: `1:30pm`

***


1. [ ] Fei, **How the ELF Ruined Christmas**, *Throughout the last few decades, computer software has experienced an arms race between exploitation techniques leveraging memory corruption and detection/protection mechanisms. Effective mitigation techniques, such as Address Space Layout Randomization, have significantly increased the difficulty of successfully exploiting a vulnerability. A modern exploit is often two-stage: a first information disclosure step to identify the memory layout, and a second step with the actual exploit. However, because of the wide range of conditions under which memory corruption occurs, retrieving memory layout information from the program is not always possible. In this paper, we present a technique that uses the dynamic loader’s ability to identify the locations of critical functions directly and call them, without requiring an information leak. We identified several fundamental weak points in the design of ELF standard and dynamic loader implementations that can be exploited to resolve and execute arbitrary library functions. Through these, we are able to bypass specific security mitigation techniques, including partial and full RELRO, which are specifically designed to protect ELF data-structures from being coopted by attackers. We implemented a prototype tool, Leakless, and evaluated it against different dynamic loader implementations, previous attack techniques, and reallife case studies to determine the impact of our findings. Among other implications, Leakless provides attackers with reliable and non-invasive attacks, less likely to trigger intrusion detection systems.*
2. [ ] Xiang **Understanding the dark side of domain parking**(USENIX Security 14)
3. [ ] Kai, **Compiling Packet Programs to Reconfigurable Switches**(nsdi15), Programmable switching chips are becoming more commonplace, along with new packet processing languages to configure the forwarding behavior. Our paper explores the design of a compiler for such switching chips, in particular how to map logical lookup tables to physical tables, while meeting data and control dependencies in the program. We study the interplay between Integer Linear Programming (ILP) and greedy algorithms to generate solutions optimized for latency, pipeline occupancy, or power consumption. ILP is slower but more likely to fit hard cases; further, ILP can be used to suggest the best greedy approach. We compile benchmarks from real production networks to two dierent programmable switch architectures: RMT and Intel’s FlexPipe. Greedy solutions can fail to fit and can require up to 38% more stages, 42% more cycles, or 45% more power for some benchmarks. Our analysis also identifies critical resources in chips. For a complicated use case, doubling the TCAM per stage reduces the minimum number of stages needed by 12.5%.
